---
title: AdGuard VPN aboneliğini etkinleştirme
sidebar_position: 12
---

AdGuard VPN aboneliğinizi etkinleştirmek için aşağıdaki adımları izleyin:

1. AdGuard VPN uygulamasını açın ve _Giriş yap ya da bir hesap oluştur_ öğesine dokunun
2. Tarayıcınızda bir giriş sayfası açılır. Satın alma sırasında kullandığınız e-posta adresini girin. Aynı e-posta adresiyle ilişkilendirilmişse bir sosyal medya hesabıyla da giriş yapabilirsiniz

Abonelik otomatik olarak etkinleştirilir. Eğer etkinleştirilmezse, daha fazla yardım için lütfen aşağıdaki bilgileri kontrol edin.

## Abonelik etkinleştirme sorunlarını çözme

Bazen kullanıcılar aboneliklerini etkinleştirmede sorun yaşarlar. Aşağıda, aboneliğinizi nereden satın aldığınıza bağlı olarak sorunun nasıl çözüleceğine ilişkin adım adım talimatlar yer almaktadır.

### Resmi site

First, check to see if you received a confirmation email. Abonelikler, ödeme işlemi sırasında sağladığınız e-posta adresiyle ilişkilendirilir. If you received the email but don't see the subscription in your app, you may have logged in to the app with a different email address.

1. Go to AdGuard VPN → _Settings_ → _Account_ and check which email address is displayed there
2. If it's different, log out of your account (on iOS and Android, tap the three dots in the top-right corner to log out)
3. Log back in using the correct email address associated with your purchase

If you didn't receive the confirmation email, you may have entered a non-existent email address or made a typo when purchasing your subscription. To resolve this issue, please contact our support team at support@adguard-vpn.com and provide the following information:

- Satın alma tarihi ve tam saati
- Tam olarak tahsil edilen ücret
- Kullanılan kartın son 4 hanesi
- Mümkünse, e-postanıza makbuz veya banka ekstresi ekleyin. Bu, talebinizi daha hızlı işleme almamıza yardımcı olur

:::note

You can use a specific subject line, such as "Problems with my subscription" or "Can't activate my subscription", to help us prioritize your request.
:::

### In-app purchase on iPhone or iPad

When activating your AdGuard VPN subscription on iPhone or iPad, you might encounter one of the following scenarios:

1. Your subscription works on your iPhone, but you can't activate it on another device because you don't know which email address it's associated with
2. You purchased through the App Store but can't find the subscription in your AdGuard account

Bu iki duruma ayrı ayrı bakalım.

İlk durumda, aboneliğiniz Apple tarafından sizin için oluşturulan bir e-posta adresiyle ilişkilendirilebilir. This can happen if you log in to AdGuard VPN through _Continue with Apple_ and purchase the subscription in-app.

1. Go to AdGuard VPN → _Settings_ → _Account_
2. If you don't recognize the email address you see on the _Account_ screen, visit the [password recovery page](https://auth.adguardaccount.com/account/recovery_password.html) and request a password reset for that email address
3. Use that email address and new password to log in on other devices

Alternatively, you can ask the support team (support@adguard-vpn.com) to transfer your subscription from the email address provided by Apple to your active email address. Please include your receipt or other proof of purchase. This will help us verify that you own the subscription.

In the second case, if your subscription was purchased through the App Store, you may have chosen to hide your real email address from developers. This means you used an email address randomly generated by Apple. As a result, your AdGuard account was also created with this address. To transfer your subscription to your primary email, you need to identify the email address used for the purchase.

1. _Ayarlar_ → _Apple Kimliği_ → _iCloud_ → _E-postamı gizle_ öğesine gidin
2. Find AdGuard VPN in the list and copy the email address (it should end with @privaterelay.appleid.com). Send this email address to support@adguard-vpn.com.

Once we receive the email address, we’ll transfer your subscription, and you’ll be able to use the app.

### On a third-party website

If you purchased an AdGuard VPN subscription from a software reseller, you should have received an activation code (a combination of letters and numbers, usually starting with "VPN"). To use this subscription, bind this code to your AdGuard account.

1. If you don’t have an account, [create one](https://auth.adguardaccount.com/login.html)
2. Go to the _Licenses_ section and click _Bind license_
3. Enter your activation code to bind the AdGuard VPN subscription to your account
4. Open the AdGuard VPN app and log in with your email address and password

If you're already logged in, go to AdGuard VPN → _Settings_ → _Account_ and make sure the email address matches the one associated with your subscription.

If they don’t match, log out (on iOS and Android, tap the three dots in the top-right corner) and log back in with the correct email address.

:::note

If you’ve followed these steps and still can’t activate your subscription, please contact our support team at support@adguard-vpn.com.

:::
